alright here's how you image a PC first
thing you'll need is the proper
formatting disk this one says gr on it
that should match gr in the computer we
also have Gio's GPS separate letters
you'll need the MDS Xtreme CD removal
tool handcrafted here in the MDS
basement so good and just pop the CD
tray open that's what the little hole
there's four mm-hmm disk in connect the
USB drive
make sure you played in the right place
unfortunately USB will fit in an
Ethernet socket so make sure you do plug
it into USB take a look at what you're
doing don't just do it by touch
and plug in the power okay so we'll
start this guy up from here it should be
mostly automatic it'll image itself
eject the CD to restart itself and we'll
pick it up from there
all right we're back our PC is finished
imaging its restarted itself it has
ejected the CD on its own you can't pull
that out can now unplug the USB and any
little warnings like this you can get
rid of just a closed little box first
thing we're gonna do is log on to the
internet through Cisco clean access so
start up any web browser I just pick
Internet Explorer and it looks like
Cisco's giving us a free ride today but
normally you would have the Cisco clean
access login page so just use your
portal name and password on that
you
so once you've logged in the Cisco
double-click this update icon right here
it's gonna ask you are you sure you want
to do this go ahead and say yes good old
windows first thing that's gonna do is
register our actually am activate
windows 7 because this is running
Windows 7 this is a gr so you should
shortly get a little box there we go
product activated successfully hit okay
now it's gonna run the antivirus live
update that's gonna go on its own and
once that's finished this box should
close itself this box should close
itself and it should delete itself off
the desktop little icon underneath will
disappear all right there goes antivirus
and there goes our icon so once that's
done you can finish this off just hit
the power button just push it once
that'll tell windows are shut down and
then leave the charges battery and you
can be one of these laminated battery
charging cards on top to let other
students know that this one's already
been imaged already it's just charging
its battery and I'd like to wait till
it's completely shut down before I clap
the lid shut because sometimes if you
clap it up too early it kind of freezes
right here and the processor spins up
and starts to overheat the bag and bad
things gonna happen
so I have let that do its thing and when
they lamp on the blue little blue
charging battery charging light when
that goes out then you're done charging
some of our other models have a little
green battery lamp but it's the same
idea
and that's PC imaging